Did you misunderstand something?
Don't play dumb with me here!
You don't know where this is.
This is a place where only the Ye family can sit
Get out of here, you two
Be fashionable and leave quickly
Don't make me call security
Fine, then I'll wait for the widow's home
When the security comes, won't I be exposed?
You bitch
Don't think you've found a man to be your backer
You can be lawless.
Silently, you satisfy Auntie.
It's about to start.
Yes, yes, my aunt was not thoughtful.
How can two bitches make trouble?
What about the dinner party at Night Bridge?
Forget it, just let them do it.
When the dinner starts, they will decide
Come sit
Sure, I'll see what happens.
Son, this is a good wine at first glance
Why don't you drink more?
I don't know for a while
Can I pack two bottles and go back?
You're dying of laughter.
Mom
The waiter came to hide here, here it comes